README.md, before:

# 💫 Hi 👋, I'm Sanjay Singh Rawat
**Passionate Full Stack Developer**

Email Me 👉 ✉️ **ssr911999@gmail.com** Reach out for collaborations, project inquiries, or anything tech-related!. 😊

- 🔭 **I’m currently working on:** Storage App
- 🌱 **I’m currently learning:** Advanced **Deployment techniques** to scale apps with DevOps practices
- 👯 **I’m looking to collaborate on:** Enter your project name and info
- 🤔 **I’m looking for help with:** Innovative full-stack. Open to exciting opportunities in tech!
- 💬 **Feel free to ask me about:** Full Stack Development (React, Node, MongoDB, Express etc.)
- 📫 **How to reach me:** ssr911999@gmail.com
- 😄 **Pronouns:** Sanjay
- ⚡ **Fun fact:** I Love Tech and Tech Love Me

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=#FF7139) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white)

## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/sanjay-singh-rawat-a39b11302) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:ssr911999@gmail.com) 

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ssrawat1&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=ssrawat1&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ssrawat1&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ssrawat1&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ssrawat1&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ssrawat1&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

"Update the profile info
Updated collaboration and help sections for clarity.

README.md, after:

# 💫 Hi 👋, I'm Sanjay Singh Rawat
**Passionate Full Stack Developer**

Email Me 👉 ✉️ **ssr911999@gmail.com** Reach out for collaborations, project inquiries, or anything tech-related!. 😊

- 🔭 **I’m currently working on:** Storage App
- 🌱 **I’m currently learning:** Advanced **Deployment techniques** to scale apps with DevOps practices
- 👯 **I’m looking to collaborate on:** Innovative full-stack. Open to exciting opportunities in tech!
- 🤔 **I’m looking for help with:** Deployment strategies, scaling web apps, and optimizing CI/CD pipelines.
- 💬 **Feel free to ask me about:** Full Stack Development (React, Node, MongoDB, Express etc.)
- 📫 **How to reach me:** ssr911999@gmail.com
- 😄 **Pronouns:** Sanjay
- ⚡ **Fun fact:** I Love Tech and Tech Love Me

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-%232C5263.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=#FF7139) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![Nodemon](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEMON-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodemon&logoColor=%BBDEAD) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![React Hook Form](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Hook%20Form-%23EC5990.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=reacthookform&logoColor=white)

## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/sanjay-singh-rawat-a39b11302) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:ssr911999@gmail.com) 

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ssrawat1&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=ssrawat1&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ssrawat1&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ssrawat1&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ssrawat1&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ssrawat1&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
